SD=Advertising
CR= Advertising Campaign Management Plan
BQs=MarketTracking PerformanceAssessment CampaignDirection    
Oversee the use and assess the coverage and impact of advertising campaigns. Direct advertising campaign execution to maximize business impact. Oversee advertising campaign design and development activity.
Business development reviews market research to determine levels of awareness for selected bank products and initiates an advertising campaign to raise awareness
Develop the plan for and oversee advertising campaign activity, including budget and resource management
CR - Advertising Campaign Management Plan					BQ 1 - Market Tracking				BQ 2 - Performance Assessment					BQ 3 - Campaign Direction			
Cr	Up	Rq	Gr	Re	Up	Ex	Rq	Re	Cr	Up	Ex	Rq	Re	Cr	Up	Rq	Re
CrCR Create and invoke the advertising campaign management plan
UpCR Update details of the advertising campaign management plan
RqCR Request manual intervention in the campaign plan (e.g. rework campaign priorities)
GrCR Obtain a permission grant against the plan (e.g. obtain authority to develop materials)
ReCR Retrieve details about the advertising campaign management plan
UpBQ Update details of the market tracking activity (e.g. change source)
ExBQ Execute an automated task for the tracking activity (e.g. upload new data)
RqBQ Request manual intervention in the market tracking (e.g. request reworking of the analysis)
ReBQ Retrieve details about the market tracking activity
CrBQ Create a performance assessment of the advertising campaign portfolio
UpBQ Update details of a advertising campaign portfolio assessment
ExBQ Execute an automated action for a performance assessment (e.g. trigger assessment report)
RqBQ Request manual intervention to a performance assessment (e.g. request specific analysis)
ReBQ Retrieve details about advertising campaign performance assessment activity
CrBQ Create advertising campaign direction schedules (e.g. create the schedules for design or execution activity)
UpBQ Update the advertising campaign design and execution schedules
RqBQ Request manual intervention to the schedules (e.g. rework priorities)
ReBQ Retrieve details about advertising campaign design and execution direction and scheduling activities