SD=Contact Handler
CR=Customer Contact Operating Session
BQs=Authentication Routing Session History   
"BIAN defines a customer contact as the overarching structure handling a customer interaction from start to end. A contact can include one or more servicing dialogue 'sessions' in parallel or sequence to support different device/channel uses within the contact and to allow for the customer to be passed on to different servicing specialists as necessary during the contact. Each session is handled at a servicing position where the Contact Dialogue service domain is called to handle the specific customer interaction. Contact Handler concludes the contact, handles the authorization permissions and shares any contact information collected during the contact between sessions as necessary"
A customer is self serving on the web and then requests to talk to a servicing representative directory using the VoIP capability presented on the banks web portal.
This service domain handles a customer's interactive contact with the bank. This will typically involve launching of one or more channel/device specific dialogue sessions as necessary within the customer contact
CR - Customer Contact Operating Session							BQ 1 - Authentication	BQ 2 - Routing	BQ 3 - Session					BQ 4 - History	
In	Up	Co	Ec	Ex	Rq	Re	Re	Re	In	Up	Co	Ex	Re	Up	Re
InCR Initiate a contact (can be inbound or outbound)
UpCR Update details for a customer contact
CoCR Control a customer contact (e.g. terminate)
EcCR Accept, reject, etc a contact action
ExCR Execute an automated task for a contact (e.g. route to specialist)
RqCR Request manual intervention in a contact (e.g. override routing decision)
ReCR Retrieve details about a customer contact
ReBQ Retrieve details about an authentication task
ReBQ Retrieve details about a routing task
InBQ Initiate a servicing session (from within an active contact)
UpBQ Update details about a servicing session
CoBQ Control the processing of a session (e.g. reroute)
ExBQ Execute an automated task in a session (e.g. re-authenticate)
ReBQ Retrieve details about a customer servicing session
UpBQ Update a contact history record content
ReBQ Retrieve historical details about a contact event