SD=Customer Offer
CR=Customer Offer Procedure
BQs=Product Disclosures Credit Underwriting Compliance Audit Collateral Booking CorrespondenceAndDocuments Agreement ProductInitialization
"The Offer Management Service Domain can process offers for all types of customers and any allowed combination of product or service. It references the Product Directory for the product specific offer instructions it must follow. The offer process may combine the selection of product/service specific details (e.g. pricing & negotiation ranges, documentation/authorization/regulatory requirements, eligibility and declarations, credit and other customer details), customer specific details (e.g. credit standing, other classifications such as operational overhead/retention target/activity history, demographics and segmentation). The service domain orchestrates a potentially complex/multi-threaded/multi stage workflow to get the offer to the point where the product/service can be initiated."
An existing customer has discussed short term funding needs with the Financial Advisor and agreed in principle to taking out a corporate loan. The customer offer process is initiated and leads the advisor through the detailed checks, authorizations and documentation needed prior to the final set-up of the Corporate Loan
This service domain orchestrates the processing of a product offer for a new or established  customer. The offer process is defined specifically for the product or service being considered and can include actions such as document checks, collateral allocation, credit assessments, underwriting decisions, regulatory and procedural checks, eligibility checks, the use of internal and external specialist services (such as evaluations and legal advice).
CR - Customer Offer Procedure							BQ 1 - Product			BQ 2 - Disclosures			BQ 3 - Credit		BQ 4 - Underwriting		BQ 5 - Compliance		BQ 6 - Audit		BQ 7 - Collateral			BQ 8 - Booking		BQ 9 - Correspondence and Documents			BQ 10 - Agreement			BQ 11 - Product Initialization	
In	Up	Co	Ec	Ex	Rq	Re	Up	Ec	Re	Up	Ec	Re	Up	Re	Up	Re	Up	Re	Up	Re	Up	Ec	Re	Up	Re	Up	Ec	Re	Up	Ec	Re	Up	Re
InCR Initiate the offer procedure
UpCR Update details of an offer procedure
CoCR Control the processing of an offer (e.g. terminate)
EcCR Accept, reject, verify, etc an offer procedure
ExCR Execute an automated task against an offer (e.g. submit data)
RqCR Request manual intervention in an offer (e.g. request specialist support)
ReCR Retrieve details about a customer offer
UpBQ Update product options and pricing terms
EcBQ Accept, reject etc product options and pricing terms
ReBQ Retrieve details about product options and pricing terms
UpBQ Update disclosure submission
EcBQ Accept, reject etc. disclosures
ReBQ Retrieve details about disclosure submissions
UpBQ Update credit submission details
ReBQ Retrieve details about the credit submission
UpBQ Update submitted materials for the underwriting decision
ReBQ Retrieve details about the underwriting decision
UpBQ Update details submitted for compliance checks
ReBQ Retrieve details of the regulatory compliance assessment
UpBQ Update details of submitted materials for audit checks
ReBQ Retrieve details of the compliance assessment
UpBQ Update details of the collateral allocation
EcBQ Accept, reject etc. the collateral allocation
ReBQ Retrieve details about the collateral allocation
UpBQ Update details of the offer asset and liability booking
ReBQ Retrieve details about the booking
UpBQ Update details about the correspondence and documents accessed and created by the offer
EcBQ Accept, verify, etc. correspondence and documents
ReBQ Retrieve details about correspondence and documents from the customer offer procedure
UpBQ Update details of the customer agreement
EcBQ Accept, verify, etc. actions against the customer and product agreements
ReBQ Retrieve details about the agreements impacted and created as part of the offer
UpBQ Update details of the product initiation request
ReBQ Retrieve details about the product initiation request