SD=Customer Surveys
CR= Customer Survey Procedure
BQs=Definition ReviewerSelection Execution SurveyAnalysis   
Handle the deployment, execution and on-going refinement of customer surveys. This includes many types of survey including traditional mailshot questionnaires, in production review/feedback solicitation, review panels/focus groups. The survey execution process performs the survey definitions, selection of reviewers, surveying and post survey analysis
A bank develops a customer questionnaire to obtain feedback from customers that make frequent use of the self-service contact center facility for service improvement suggestions
Define and execute and analyze customer surveys
CR - Customer Survey Procedure					BQ 1 - Definition			BQ 2 - Reviewer Selection			BQ 3 - Execution						BQ 4 - Survey Analysis			
In	Up	Co	Rq	Re	Up	Ec	Re	Up	Rq	Re	In	Up	Ca	Ex	Rq	Re	In	Up	Rq	Re
InCR Initiate customer survey processing
UpCR Update details of an active customer survey process
CoCR Control the execution of a customer survey (e.g. suspend processing)
RqCR Request manual intervention to the survey process (e.g. revise customer targeting criteria)
ReCR Retrieve details about a customer survey process
UpBQ Update aspects of a customer survey definition/specification
EcBQ Accept, reject, verify, etc. aspects of a customer survey definition
ReBQ Retrieve details about customer survey related activity
UpBQ Update reviewer selection details
RqBQ Request manual intervention in survey reviewer selection (e.g. handle subject availability)
ReBQ Retrieve details about survey reviewer selection activity
InBQ Initiate customer survey execution task (e.g. run survey with a customer)
UpBQ Update details of a survey execution task
CaBQ Capture input from a survey execution task (e.g. automated capture of customer feedback)
ExBQ Execute an automated action for survey execution (e.g. present survey in context to a matched customer)
RqBQ Request manual intervention in survey execution (e.g. host a focus group event)
ReBQ Retrieve details about customer survey execution activity
InBQ Initiate survey result consolidation and analysis
UpBQ Update details about customer survey analysis
ReBQ Request manual intervention in survey analysis (e.g. perform specific analysis)
ReBQ Retrieve details about a customer survey analysis