SD=Customer Relationship Management
CR= Customer Relationship Management Plan
BQs=Development Incident Contact    
"This function handles managed customer relationships. There will typically be a customer development plan and budget/targets for higher value customers. The function may draw on external market insights as well as internal product and service fulfillment to track performance and trigger contact when appropriate. The function is a key source of business development providing product/service matching and awareness. As the primary point of contact the relationship manager can help in issue resolution and trouble shooting. Relationship management applies to corporate and high net-worth clients. Automated knowledge-based facilities may offer some relationship management functions at the consumer banking level in particular for sales and marketing"
"A corporate customer relationship manager reviews recent activity for a customer and notices that levels of activity are trending lower. Possible external (market) and internal (servicing/ fulfillment) activities are reviewed for possible causes. A meeting is scheduled to determine the reason and if any banking products/ services could help or are at further risk"
This service domain develops and executes a customer plan to maintain and build a customer relationship. Activities include ongoing customer contact, tracking internal and external events and activity of interest and relevance, product and service matching and sales, processing ad-hoc queries, trouble shooting and issue resolution including the initial phases of troubled account recovery
CR - Customer Relationship Management Plan							BQ 1 - Development					BQ 2 - Incident						BQ 3 - Contact			
Cr	Up	Co	Ec	Rq	Gr	Re	Cr	Up	Ec	Rq	Re	Cr	Up	Co	Ec	Ca	Re	Cr	Up	Rq	Re
CrCR Create an initial relationship management plan
UpCR Update details of an active relationship plan
CoCR Control the processing of a relationship plan (e.g. suspend)
EcCR Accept, verify, reject aspects of the plan
RqCR Request intervention with a relationship plan (e.g. arrange a customer meeting)
GrCR Grant authorization for actions that impact the plan (e.g. qualify eligibility for a campaign)
ReCR Retrieve details about a relationship plan
CrBQ Create customer development capability (initialize the capability)
UpBQ Update details about a relationship development task
EcBQ Accept, reject, verify a development activity
RqBQ Request a relationship development task
ReBQ Retrieve details about relationship development activity
CrBQ Create customer incident reporting capability (initialize the capability)
UpBQ Update details about a customer incident
CoBQ Control the processing of a customer incident (e.g. raise priority)
EcBQ Accept, reject, confirm details about a customer incident
CaBQ Capture details of a new customer incident
ReBQ Retrieve details about a customer incident
CrBQ Create contact handling capability (initialize and track)
UpCR Update details of a customer contact
RqBQ Request a customer contact
ReBQ Retrieve details about customer contacts