SD=Customer Workbench
CR= Customer Workbench Operating Session
BQs=SWUpdate Broadcast Browsing Contact ProductServiceAccess  
"This service domain handles the distribution and operation of a client device based/resident facility to support local working and access to the banks different products and services. It allows for the customer to maintain information and configuration settings remotely to govern their own access environment as necessary. The service domain operates outside the bank but is included in the landscape as it may run application capabilities that are either provided by or certified for use by the bank."
"A customer downloads an end-user financial management application offered by the bank"
This service domain represents customer side devices. Most commonly providing a customer access portal to the banks products and services through any suitable channel and device
CR - Customer Workbench Operating Session				BQ 1 - SW Update			BQ 2 - Broadcast		BQ 3 - Browsing			BQ 4 - Contact					BQ 5 - Product Service Access				
In	Up	Co	Re	In	Ec	Re	In	Re	In	Ex	Re	In	Up	Ex	Rq	Re	In	Up	Ex	Rq	Re
InCR Initiate a customer workbench operating session
UpCR Update details of a workbench session
CoCR Control a workbench session (e.g. terminate)
ReCR Retrieve details about the workbench session
InBQ Initiate a SW update
EcBQ Accept, reject etc a SW update
ReBQ Retrieve details about a SW update
InBQ Initiate a workstation broadcast
ReBQ Retrieve details about a workstation broadcast
InBQ Initiate a browsing session
ExBQ Execute tasks within a browsing session (e.g. extract data)
ReBQ Retrieve details about a browsing session
InBQ Initiate a contact with the bank
UpBQ Update details for the contact
ExBQ Execute an automated action within the contact (e.g. self serve)
RqBQ Request manual intervention in a contact (e.g. request service)
ReBQ Retrieve details about a contact
InBQ Initiate product service access within the contact
UpBQ Update details for the product service access
ExBQ Execute an automated action with the product service access (e.g. self serve)
RqBQ Request manual intervention in a product service access (e.g. request service)
ReBQ Retrieve details about product service access