SD=Direct Debit
CR=Direct Debit Arrangement
BQs= Reporting PaymentTracking PaymentInitiation FundsAvailableCheck VerifyMandate
This service domain processes the creditor side of direct debit processing. Typically a creditor will submit a batch of direct debit requests. The process checks the required service mandates are in place and initiates the payment processing. It tracks payment and reports on completion or other processing issues that might arise (such as insufficient funds available).
A corporate customer submits a batch of direct debit instructions for customers with accounts held at the bank
Fulfils a direct debit agreement.  Handles the creditor side of direct debits.
CR - Direct Debit Arrangement							BQ - Reporting		BQ - Payment Tracking				BQ - Payment Initiation		BQ - Verify Mandate		BQ - Funds Available Check		
In	Up	Co	Ec	Ex	Rq	Re	In	Re	In	Co	Ex	Re	Ec	Re	Ec	Re	Ec	Rq	Re
InCR Instantiate a new Direct Debit Arrangement
UpCR Update details relating to Direct Debit Arrangement
CoCR Control the processing of Direct Debit Arrangement
EcCR Accept, verify, etc. aspects of Direct Debit Arrangement processing
ExCR Execute an available automated action for Direct Debit Arrangement
RqCR Request manual intervention or a decision with respect to Direct Debit Arrangement
ReCR Retrieve details about any aspect of Direct Debit Arrangement
InBQ Instantiate a new Reporting
ReBQ Retrieve details about any aspect of Reporting
InBQ Instantiate a new Payment Tracking
CoBQ Control the processing of Payment Tracking
ExBQ Execute an available automated action for Payment Tracking
ReBQ Retrieve details about any aspect of Payment Tracking
EcBQ Accept, verify, etc. aspects of Payment Initiation processing
ReBQ Retrieve details about any aspect of Payment Initiation
EcBQ Accept, verify, etc. aspects of Verify Mandate processing
ReBQ Retrieve details about any aspect of Verify Mandate
EcBQ Accept, verify, etc. aspects of Funds Available Check processing
RqBQ Request manual intervention or a decision with respect to Funds Available Check
ReBQ Retrieve details about any aspect of Funds Available Check