CR Intellectual Property Asset Administrative Plan Instance Record	CR Intellectual Property Asset Administrative Plan Instance Record	Intellectual Property Asset Administrative Plan Instance Record	##			The record of scheduled and ad-hoc administrative tasks for capturing and maintaining the intellectual property asset	IO	IO	O	IO	IO			O	IO			IO		O
			Intellectual Property Asset Reference			Reference to the intellectual property asset item	I	IO	O	I				O	I			I		O
			Intellectual Property Asset Record	##		The details maintained for the intellectual property asset	IO	IO	O	IO				O	IO			IO		O
				Intellectual Property Asset Type		The type of asset (i.e. trade secrets, trademarks, copyrights, and patents.)	IO	IO	O	I				O	I			I		O
				Intellectual Property Asset Description		Description of significant details and properties of the intellectual property asset	I	IO	O	I				O	I			I		O
				Intellectual Property Asset Title		Details of title ownership, including assigned usage rights	IO	IO	O	I				O	I			I		O
				Intellectual Property Asset Jurisdiction		Details of scope of coverage of the intellectual property asset (e.g. geographic coverage, allowed usage type coverage)	IO	IO	O	I				O	I			I		O
				Intellectual Property Asset Creator		Reference to the original source of the intellectual property	I	IO	O	I				O	I			I		O
				Intellectual Property Asset Valuation		An indication or description of the commercial value of the intellectual property asset. This can combine a 'replacement' valuation and an licensing/assignment income assessment. The value can be an estimate and include actual realized income	IO	IO	O	I				O	I			I		O
				Document Directory Entry Instance Reference		Reference to associated specification documents	IO	IO	O	I				O	I			I		O
				Date Type	##	Key dates and times associated with the intellectual property asset (e.g. creation date, assignment date, valid until/expiry date)	IO	IO	O	IO	IO			O	IO			IO		O
					Date	Value of the date type	IO	IO	O	IO	IO			O	IO			IO		O
BQ Maintenance Instance Record	BQ Maintenance Instance Record	Maintenance Instance Record	##			The routine to ensure and confirm all necessary intellectual property filings and maintenance tasks are performed for the intellectual property asset (e.g. patent fees)				IO	IO		IO	O						
			Intellectual Property Asset Maintenance Schedule			The schedule for maintenance tasks performed and to be performed (e.g. patent renewals)				IO	IO		IO	O						
			Intellectual Property Asset Protection Reference 			Reference to the intellectual property protection mechanism employed (e.g. copyright, trademark or patent reference number)				IO	IO		IO	O						
			Intellectual Property Asset Registration Reference 			Reference to the registration entity for the intellectual property protection mechanism (e.g. U.S. Patent Office)				IO	IO		IO	O						
			Intellectual Property Asset Maintenance Task Record	##		A record of payments and other actions taken to maintain the asset				IO	IO		IO	O						
				Intellectual Property Asset Maintenance Task Type		The type of maintenance task (e.g. annual renewal)				IO	IO		IO	O						
				Intellectual Property Asset Maintenance Task Description		Description of the task performed				O	IO		O	O						
				Intellectual Property Asset Maintenance Task Work Products 		File of consolidated notes, forms and documents for the maintenance task				O	IO		O	O						
				Document Directory Entry Instance Reference		Reference to associated documents				IO	IO		IO	O						
				Intellectual Property Asset Maintenance Transaction		Details of any payments made as part of maintenance				IO	IO		IO	O						
BQ Assignment Instance Record 	BQ Assignment Instance Record 	Assignment Instance Record 	##												IO	IO		IO		O
			Intellectual Property Asset Assignment Schedule			The schedule capturing assignments for use/deployment of the intellectual property asset. This can include internal use and external licensed agreements									IO	IO		IO		O
			Intellectual Property Asset Assignment Record	##		A record of assignments of the intellectual property both for internal use and for 3rd party licensing									IO	IO		IO		O
				Intellectual Property Asset Assignment Type		The type of assignment (e.g. internal, external license)									IO	IO		IO		O
				Intellectual Property Asset Assignment Description		Description of the assignment (e.g. allowed use, terms)									IO	IO		IO		O
				Document Directory Entry Instance Reference		Reference to associated documents									IO	IO		IO		O
				Intellectual Property Asset Assignment Transaction		Details of any charges levied and payments received made from licensing									IO	IO		IO		O