SD=Issued Device Administration
CR=Issued Device Allocation
BQs=PasswordAssignment QuestionAssignment DeviceAssignment BiometricAssignment ReaderAssignment ChequesAssignment 
"This service domain administers the inventory management and allocation/issuance for all issued devices and materials (e.g. cards). This covers credit/debit cards and can include other identification/authentication devices such as keychain fobs. it also handles virtual token inventory such as passwords, secret questions and biometric records (signatures, voice/image). An aspect of the administration includes maintaining device reference details and states such as operating system release and age/duration in use. Specific product/service access permissions can be associated with an issued device"
A card is cancelled and a replacement card is generated and issued for a customer reporting a stolen card
This service domain administers the issuance of authentication tokens to customers and third party service providers. Tokens here include physical devices such as cards, fobs, readers and intangible 'devices' such as passwords and secret questions. Administration includes version tracking, replacement and duration/frequency limits. Specific product/service access permissions may be associated with an issued token when appropriate
CR - Issued Device Allocation					BQ 1 - Password Assignment						BQ 2 - Question Assignment						BQ 3 - Device Assignment				BQ 4 - Biometric Assignment					BQ 5 - Reader Assignment				BQ 6 - Cheques Assignment			
Pr	Up	Co	Ec	Re	Pr	Up	Co	Ec	Ca	Re	Pr	Up	Co	Ec	Ca	Re	Up	Co	Ca	Re	Pr	Up	Co	Ec	Re	Up	Co	Ca	Re	Pr	Co	Ec	Re
PrCR Allocate an issued device (selected type will internally invoke assignment type)
UpCR Update details of an allocation
CoCR Control an issued device allocation (e.g. suspend)
EcCR Accept, verify, etc aspects of an allocation
ReCR Retrieve details about an allocation
PrBQ Provide a password assignment
UpBQ Update details of an assigned password
CoBQ Control an assigned password (e.g. suspend)
EcBQ Accept, verify, reject etc. an assigned password
CaBQ Capture usage details of an assigned password
ReBQ Retrieve details about an assigned password
PrBQ Provide a secret question assignment
UpBQ Update details of an assigned secret question
CoBQ Control an assigned secret question (e.g. suspend)
EcBQ Accept, verify, reject etc. an assigned secret question
CaBQ Capture usage details of an assigned secret question
ReBQ Retrieve details about an assigned ser=&& password
UpBQ Update details of a device assignment
CoBQ Control an assigned device (e.g. out of service)
CaBQ Capture usage details of an assigned device
ReBQ Retrieve details about an assigned device
PrBQ Provide a biometric assignment
UpBQ Update details of an assigned biometric
CoBQ Control an assigned biometric (e.g. suspend)
EcBQ Accept, verify, reject etc. an assigned biometric
ReBQ Retrieve details about an assigned biometric
UpBQ Update details of an assigned reader device
CoBQ Control an assigned reader (e.g. out of service)
CaBQ Capture usage details of an assigned reader
ReBQ Retrieve details about an assigned reader
PrBQ Provide cheques
CoBQ Control issued cheques (e.g. cancel)
EcBQ Accept, verify receipt etc. of issued cheques
ReBQ Retrieve details about issued cheques