CR Location Directory Entry Instance Record	CR Location Directory Entry Instance Record	Location Directory Entry Instance Record	##			Reference to a location data record - details various properties of a physical or electronic location	IO	IO			IO	O	IO			O	IO			O	IO			O
			Location Reference			Reference to associated location (can be a physical or electronic location)	I	IO				O				O				O				O
			Date Type	##		Key dates associated with the directory entry (e.g. open date, refresh date)	IO	IO			IO	O				O	IO			O	IO			O
				Date		Value of the date type	IO	IO			IO	O	IO			O	IO			O	IO			O
BQ Location Instance Record	BQ Location Instance Record	Location Instance Record	##			Reference to general location reference details that are captured							IO		IO	O								
			Location Type			Type of location (e.g. building, point of interest, virtual location/device)							IO		IO	O								
			Location Address			Reference address for the location (e.g. postal address, email, coordinates)							IO		IO	O								
			Location Coordinates			The coordinates in a form that can be used to match tracked parties to the location (e.g. for real-time marketing)							IO		IO	O								
			Location Description			A description of the property, particularly if it has landmark characteristics							IO		IO	O								
			Location Construction Type 			The construction approach for a property at the location (e.g. era and architecture as might be used in valuation)							IO		IO	O								
			Location Capacity			An indication of the size or scale of the property where appropriate (e.g. 4 bedroom, 600 seat auditorium, 40 cover restaurant)							IO		IO	O								
			Location Status			The tracked status (e.g. under construction or repair, inhabited, vacant)							IO		IO	O								
			Location Neighborhood Type			The general purpose and neighborhood of the property (e.g. residential, industrial, commercial)							IO		IO	O								
BQ Use Instance Record	BQ Use Instance Record	Use Instance Record	##			Reference to known usage of the location - both allowed and known											IO		IO	O				
			Location Zoning Type			The planning or zoning status (e.g. residential, commercial, industrial)											IO		IO	O				
			Location Usage 			The allowed usage for the property at the location (e.g. domestic residence, manufacturing, retail)											IO		IO	O				
BQ Occupancy Instance Record	BQ Occupancy Instance Record	Occupancy Instance Record	##			Reference to current and past registered occupants and users of a location															IO		IO	O
			Customer Reference 			Reference to the bank customer (if they are owner and/or occupier of the property at the location)															IO		IO	O
			Location Owner/Title			Registered owner or title holder(s) of the property															IO		IO	O
			Location Value 			The estimated (book) value of the property at the location - rental and purchase as appropriate															IO		IO	O
			Location Occupier Type			The type of occupancy (e.g. residency, business, retail, entertainment)															IO		IO	O
			Location Occupier Reference 			Known contact reference details of occupier (e.g. family name, company, retailer)															IO		IO	O
			Location Occupier Terms			Nature of the access terms or entitlement of the occupier (e.g. leasehold, rental, public access)															IO		IO	O
			Alliance Partner Reference			Reference to a bank alliance partner with some kind of link association to the location (used for location based marketing)															IO		IO	O