SD=Location Data Management
CR= Location Directory Entry
BQs=Location Use Occupancy    
The maintenance of location details is used to check the validity, allowed use and occupancy of locations - both physical and virtual. This information can be augmented using external directory services when appropriate. The information is used for authentication and security purposes, and can also be used for interactive location based sales and marketing when combined with location tracking services/capabilities
A new prospect provides an address as their place of residence. It is checked to be a valid/known location for residential use.
This service domain maintain details of the use and state of locations of interest to the bank. This can include both physical and virtual addresses. It is used to check for valid use and for sales/marketing activities
CR - Location Directory Entry						BQ 1 - Location				BQ 2 - Use				BQ 3 - Occupancy			
In	Up	Co	Ec	Rq	Re	Up	Ec	Ex	Re	Up	Ec	Ex	Re	Up	Ec	Ex	Re
RgCR Register a location in the catalog
UpCR Update details about the location's directory entry
CoCR Control the handling of a location entry (e.g. terminate)
EcCR Accept, verify, reject etc. details of a location directory entry
RqCR Request manual intervention with an entry (e.g. refresh content)
ReCR Retrieve details about a location directory entry
UpBQ Update details about a location entry
EcBQ Accept, verify, reject a directory entry
ExBQ Execute an automated action against an entry (e.g. notify status update)
ReBQ Retrieve details about location entries in the directory
UpBQ Update details about an usage entry for the location
EcBQ Accept, verify, reject a directory entry
ExBQ Execute an automated action against an entry (e.g. notify status update)
ReBQ Retrieve details about usage entries in the location directory
UpBQ Update details about a location's occupancy
EcBQ Accept, verify, reject a directory entry
ExBQ Execute an automated action against an entry (e.g. notify status update)
ReBQ Retrieve details about location's occupancy entry in the directory