SD=Market Data Switch Operation
CR= Information Feed Switch operating Session
BQs=FeedUpload InternalPublication Distribution    
"This facility handles the real-time operation of the market information dissemination switch that is typically used to support trading and investment functions. It references the access entitlement to services for users maintained by the Market Data Switch Administration service domain (there can be complex rules governing access to various feeds). The dissemination mechanism/switch may support composite pages of data and interactive service requests. It may also support internally published information such as bank rates defined by the bank's treasury unit"
A bank trader request access to a market data feed at their dealing position during a trading session
This service domain operates the internal information distribution facility/switch in compliance with administered external subscription information feed service access rights. Note the content is retrieved by the Market Feed Operation service domain from the various external feed services. Internal information can also be published over the switch from various bank sources (such as bank rates provided by treasury).
CR - Information Feed Switch operating Session						BQ 1 - Feed Upload			BQ 2 - Internal Publication				BQ 3 - Distribution				
In	Up	Co	Ex	Rq	Re	Up	Ec	Re	In	Up	Ec	Re	In	Up	Ex	Rq	Re
InCR Initiate a market data switch operating session
UpCR Update details for the market data switch operating session
CoCR Control the operating session (e.g. suspend)
ExCR Execute an automated task in the session (e.g. refresh data)
RqCR Request manual intervention in the session (e.g. change the service make-up)
ReCR Retrieve details about the market data switch operating session
UpBQ Update details for the feed upload
EcBQ Accept, reject, etc. the feed upload
ReBQ Retrieve details about the feed upload activity
InBQ Initiate internal publication of information
UpBQ Update details of internal publication
EcBQ Accept, reject, etc. the internal upload
ReBQ Retrieve details about the internal publication task
InBQ User subscription to the switch
UpBQ User subscription details
ExBQ Execute an automated action to the service (e.g. select content)
RqBQ Request manual intervention for the service (e.g. request a usage profile change)
ReBQ Retrieve details about the user switch session