SD=Party Life Cycle Management
CR= Party Relationship Procedure
BQs=Authentication Qualification Documentation Precedents
This service domain tracks the state of a party relationship with the bank from the initial checks made when establishing a new business relationship with a customer or partner and then that are performed as necessary over the duration of the relationship. The checks and the maintenance requirements will vary by party type (e.g. individual, company, partner) and jurisdiction. The checks cover bank specific and legal and regulatory considerations and may be updated based on a standard schedule or by request in specific circumstances.
"A prospective customer has been identified and the bank undertakes a collection of checks to confirm this is a new relationship and to verify the relationship in compliance with bank, legal and regulatory requirements. Note that for different customer types (non consumer in particular) many different checks will be required. "
This service domain tracks the state of a party relationship with the bank from the initial checks made during the establishment of a new party connection and subsequently maintained as necessary over the duration of the relationship. The checks and the maintenance requirements will vary by party type and jurisdiction. The checks cover bank specific and legal and regulatory considerations and may be updated based on a standard schedule or by request in specific circumstances.
CR - Party Relationship Procedure							BQ 1 - Authentication	BQ 2 - Qualification	BQ 3 - Documentation				BQ 4 - Precedents	
In	Up	Co	Ec	Ex	Rq	Re	Re	Re	Up	Ex	Rq	Re	Up	Re
InCR Initiate party life-cycle processing for a new party
UpCR Update details about a party life-cycle procedure
CoCR Control the processing of a party-life-cycle process (e.g. terminate)
EcCR Accept, verify, etc. Aspects of the cycle-cycle procedure
ExCR Execute an automated action (e.g. input data)
RqCR Request manual intervention (e.g. negotiate resolution)
ReCR Retrieve details about a party life-cycle procedure
ReBQ Retrieve details about a party authentication procedure
ReBQ Retrieve details about a party qualification procedure
UpBQ Update details about document handling
ExBQ Execute an automated action (e.g. input data about a document)
RqBQ Request manual intervention (e.g. handle a document exchange)
ReBQ Retrieve details about document processing for a party life-cycle procedure
UpBQ Update details about customer precedents
ReBQ Retrieve details about customer precedent maintenance