SD=Point of Service
CR=Point of Service Operating Session
BQs=Assisted Automated Interaction Inventory CashPosition  
The servicing position supports all point of sale, branch and channel based customer interactions including e-tellers and contact/service center positions. The facility provides access to product and service systems, supports activity tracking and access to other support and administrative systems as necessary. It can include CTI as appropriate. The service domain integrates with the Customer Dialogue service domain for customer session/narrative support when appropriate. The servicing position can be fully automated for some servicing activities
Teller personnel are assigned to teller servicing positions at a branch where they are provided with a cash float and access to consumer product support systems.
This service domain operates servicing positions within the bank. It administers all media connections, inventory holdings (e.g. cash), provides access to support utilities and tracks servicing activity -e.g. time spent, activity logs, capturing servicing events including commission and training related actions. In cases servicing positions can be automated
CR - Point of Service Operating Session						BQ 1 - Assisted				BQ 2 - Automated				BQ 3 - Interaction			BQ 4 - Inventory			BQ 5 - Cash Position		
In	Up	Co	Ex	Rq	Re	In	Up	Co	Re	In	Up	Co	Re	Up	Co	Re	Up	Ex	Re	Up	Ex	Re
Initiate a point of service session
Update details for a point of service session
Control a point of service session (e.g. suspend)
Execute an automated task (e.g. assign a contact)
Request manual intervention (e.g. book future time)
Retrieve details about a servicing position session
Initiate an assisted contact
Update details about an assisted contact
Control an assisted contact (e.g. terminate)
Retrieve details about an assisted contact
Initiate an automated contact
Update details about an automated contact
Control an automated contact (e.g. terminate)
Retrieve details about an automated contact
Update details for a customer interaction session
Control a customer interaction (e.g. suspend)
Retrieve details about a customer interaction session
Update inventory details
Execute transactions against the inventory position
Retrieve details about inventory holdings and usage
Update the cash position
Execute transactions against the cash position
Retrieve details about the cash inventory