CR Financial Position Log Instance Record	Financial Position Log Instance	CR Financial Position Log Instance Record	##			Maintain a log of financial transactions for management information, tracking and reconciliation purposes	IO	IO		O			
			Transaction Log Type			The type of financial transaction log (e.g. customer transactions)	I	IO		O			
			Product Instance Reference 			The product/service for which this is a financial transaction log	I	IO		O			
			Customer Reference 			Reference to the product or service account holder/customer for the log if appropriate	I	IO		O			
			Counterparty Reference 			Reference to a counterparty for the log if appropriate (e.g. merchant reference, card network reference)	I	IO		O			
			Base Currency			The currency for the logged transactions	I	IO		O			
			Interest Application Record	##		The record of applied interest if interest calculations are supported	O	IO		O			
				Interest Transaction	##	A record of applied interest	O	IO		O			
					Transaction Description	General description of the interest transaction	O	IO		O			
					Transaction Rate Type	Applicable rate type	O	IO		O			
					Transaction Interest Charge	The derived interest amount to be applied	O	IO		O			
			Managed Position Limits 	##		Basic position limits that are maintained as an aspect of the log	IO	IO		O			
				Position Limit Type		The type of position maintained for the log (e.g. cumulative balance)	I	IO		O			
				Position Limit Settings		The position definition, associated limit settings and rules	I	IO		O			
				Position Limit Value		The current calculated position	O			O			
			Amount Block	##		Support for recording blocks on the log position (handling is by the associated fulfillment service domain)	IO	IO		O			
				Amount Block Type 		The type of block applied to the tracked position (e.g. pending, final)	I	IO		O			
				Priority		Priority classification for the block	I	IO		O			
				Amount		The amount of the block	I	IO		O			
				Date Type	##	The type of key dates associated with the block (e.g. start, expiry)	IO	IO		O			
					Date	Value of the specific date type	IO	IO		O			
			Initiation Date			The date and time the log was initiated. Note the log will have a complex internal calendar structure for extract and reporting	I	IO		O			
			Status			The status of the log entry (e.g. active, in-suspense etc.)	O	IO		O			
BQ Transaction Capture Instance Record		Transaction Capture Instance Record	##			The details of a financial transaction recorded in the log					IO	IO	O
			Posting Description			The description of purpose of the financial transaction					IO	IO	O
			Posting Transaction 			The logged financial transaction. Note the log can be structured with double entry representations (i.e. capture credit/debit pair)					IO	IO	O
			Posting Value Date			The date of the transaction 					IO	IO	O