SD=Promotional Events
CR= Promotional Event Management Plan
BQs=MarketTracking ImpactAssessment Participation    
Develop and execute promotional events covering brand development and advertizing. This can include participation in sporting/entertainment events or more general promotional activity
Business development reviews market research to select promotional events to sponsor to support the bank brand and enhance market awareness
Develop the plan for and oversee promotional event activity, including budget and resource management
CR - Promotional Event Management Plan					BQ 1 - Market Tracking				BQ 2 - Impact Assessment					BQ 3 - Participation			
Cr	Up	Rq	Gr	Re	Up	Ex	Rq	Re	Cr	Up	Ex	Rq	Re	Cr	Up	Rq	Re
CrCR Create and invoke the promotional event management plan
UpCR Update details of the promotional event management plan
RqCR Request manual intervention in the event plan (e.g. rework participation priorities)
GrCR Obtain a permission grant against the plan (e.g. obtain authority to sponsor an event)
ReCR Retrieve details about the promotional event management plan
UpBQ Update details of the market tracking activity (e.g. change source)
ExBQ Execute an automated task for the tracking activity (e.g. upload new data)
RqBQ Request manual intervention in the market tracking (e.g. request reworking of the analysis)
ReBQ Retrieve details about the market tracking activity
CrBQ Create an impact assessment of the promotional event activity
UpBQ Update details of promotional event impact assessment
ExBQ Execute an automated action for an impact assessment (e.g. trigger an assessment report)
RqBQ Request manual intervention to an impact assessment (e.g. request specific analysis)
ReBQ Retrieve details about promotional event impact assessment activity
CrBQ Create promotional event participation plan (e.g. create the schedules for involvement and sponsorship)
UpBQ Update the event participation schedule
RqBQ Request manual intervention to the schedules (e.g. rework priorities)
ReBQ Retrieve details about promotional event participation activity