SD=Syndicated Loan
CR=Syndicated Loan Arrangement
BQs= Fulfillment Origination SyndicateAssembly Structuring
This service domain fulfills a syndicated loan, including the coordination with syndicate members and clarification/administration of their obligations under the arrangement. It is assumed the bank is acting as the syndicate lead in this arrangement, coordinating with other lending banks in the syndicate in order to manage the transfer of funds. The syndicated loan can be for a single amount or be implemented as a more general loan facility that the customer can draw upon over its term. Note that initial customer offer processing may have covered many of these tasks informally, but once the syndicated loan initiation is made more formal syndicate arrangements must be established as an aspect of fulfillment handled here
A major corporate customer obtains a syndicated loan to finance a major project and the bank arranges to distribute the loan with several other interested banks to share the loan exposure
Handle the processing of syndicated loans with the bank playing the lead coordination role with other syndicate bank members. Note some initial preparation may have been made through prior customer offer processing.
CR - Syndicated Loan Arrangement							BQ - Fulfillment				BQ - Structuring					BQ - Origination				BQ - Syndicate Assembly			
In	Up	Co	Ec	Ex	Rq	Re	Up	Ec	Rq	Re	In	Up	Ec	Rq	Re	Up	Ec	Rq	Re	Up	Ec	Rq	Re
InCR Instantiate a new Syndicated Loan Arrangement
UpCR Update details relating to Syndicated Loan Arrangement
CoCR Control the processing of Syndicated Loan Arrangement
EcCR Accept, verify, etc. aspects of Syndicated Loan Arrangement processing
ExCR Execute an available automated action for Syndicated Loan Arrangement
RqCR Request manual intervention or a decision with respect to Syndicated Loan Arrangement
ReCR Retrieve details about any aspect of Syndicated Loan Arrangement
UpBQ Update details relating to Fulfillment
EcBQ Accept, verify, etc. aspects of Fulfillment processing
RqBQ Request manual intervention or a decision with respect to Fulfillment
ReBQ Retrieve details about any aspect of Fulfillment
InBQ Instantiate a new Structuring
UpBQ Update details relating to Structuring
EcBQ Accept, verify, etc. aspects of Structuring processing
RqBQ Request manual intervention or a decision with respect to Structuring
ReBQ Retrieve details about any aspect of Structuring
UpBQ Update details relating to Origination
EcBQ Accept, verify, etc. aspects of Origination processing
RqBQ Request manual intervention or a decision with respect to Origination
ReBQ Retrieve details about any aspect of Origination
UpBQ Update details relating to Syndicate Assembly
EcBQ Accept, verify, etc. aspects of Syndicate Assembly processing
RqBQ Request manual intervention or a decision with respect to Syndicate Assembly
ReBQ Retrieve details about any aspect of Syndicate Assembly