SD=System Development
CR=IT System Development Project
BQs=FunctionalSpecification TechnicalSpecification SoftwareandDataspecification TestingSpecification UsageSpecification  
Manage and execute the multi-threaded development of application solutions spanning bespoke development and commercial package integration
A new product design results in the need to extend functionality on existing product fulfillment applications
Develop new, enhance existing applications and integrate package based systems solutions
CR - IT System Development Project						BQ 1 - Functional Specification					BQ 2 - Technical Specification					BQ 3 - Software and Data specification					BQ 4 - Testing Specification					BQ 5 - Usage Specification				
Cr	Up	Co	Ec	Rq	Re	Up	Ec	Ca	Rq	Re	Up	Ec	Ca	Rq	Re	Up	Ec	Ca	Rq	Re	Up	Ec	Ca	Rq	Re	Up	Ec	Ca	Rq	Re
CrCR Create/initiate a system development project
UpCR Update details of an active system development project
CoCR Control the execution of a system development project (e.g. suspend)
EcCR Accept, reject, confirm, etc aspects of a development project
RqCR Request manual intervention in a project (e.g. rework project planning)
ReCR Retrieve details/reports about a system development project
UpBQ Update aspects of the functional specification
EcBQ Accept, reject etc. aspects of the functional specification
CaBQ Capture details relating to the functional specification activity (e.g. log work effort and output)
RqBQ Request manual intervention to the functional specification (e.g. schedule working sessions)
ReBQ Retrieve details about the functional specification tasks
UpBQ Update aspects of the technical specification
EcBQ Accept, reject etc. aspects of the technical specification
CaBQ Capture details relating to the technical specification activity (e.g. log work effort and output)
RqBQ Request manual intervention to the technical specification (e.g. schedule working session)
ReBQ Retrieve details about the technical specification tasks
UpBQ Update aspects of the software and data specification
EcBQ Accept, reject etc. aspects of the software and data specification
CaBQ Capture details relating to the software and data specification activity (e.g. log work effort and output)
RqBQ Request manual intervention to the software and data specification (e.g. schedule working session)
ReBQ Retrieve details about the software and data specification tasks
UpBQ Update aspects of the testing specification
EcBQ Accept, reject etc. aspects of the testing specification
CaBQ Capture details relating to the testing specification activity (e.g. log work effort and output)
RqBQ Request manual intervention to the testing specification (e.g. request re-do of selected tests)
ReBQ Retrieve details about the testing specification tasks
UpBQ Update aspects of the usage specification
EcBQ Accept, reject etc. aspects of the usage specification
CaBQ Capture details relating to the usage specification activity (e.g. log work effort and output)
RqBQ Request manual intervention to the usage specification (e.g. schedule working session)
ReBQ Retrieve details about the usage specification tasks